Document BG to OBJ priority in CGB mode (#454)
gbdev/pandocs: src/LCDC.md

the sprites will be always displayed on top of background and window,
independently of the priority flags in OAM and BG Map attributes.

> [See background and window to obj priority](Tile_Maps.md#bg-to-obj-priority-in-cgb-mode)

Reviewer: It's not very clear to me why the pointer is here. E.g.: how should the reader decide to click here? What kind of additional information do we need to convery that requires adding a pointer?
E.g. *the behaviour needs to be expanded because of an edge case that...*

Author: Good point, I hope its clearer now

> When Bit 0 is set [see background and window to obj priority](Tile_Maps.md#bg-to-obj-priority-in-cgb-mode).

Reviewer 2: Considering the behaviour is simply that OBJs always get priority (which is what's described just above), is it necessary to link to there?

Author: When bit 0 is clear the OBJs always get priority, but when bit 0 is set the background and window don't always get priority and that's why I link there

Reviewer 2: Alright, that makes sense. How about this?

```suggestion
When Bit 0 is set, pixel priority is resolved [as described here](Tile_Maps.md#bg-to-obj-priority-in-cgb-mode).
```

> When Bit 0 is set, pixel priority is resolved [as described here](Tile_Maps.md#bg-to-obj-priority-in-cgb-mode).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When Bit 0 is set, pixel priority is resolved [as described here](<#BG-to-OBJ Priority in CGB Mode>).
```
